Merge types_web back into TypeScript DOM lib generator (#1034)
microsoft/TypeScript-DOM-lib-generator: README.md

# TypeScript and JavaScript lib generator

> This tool is used to generate the web-based `*.d.ts` files which are included with TypeScript releases, and as `@types/x` packages.

Reviewer: A little more concrete, a little less complete:

```suggestion
This tool is used to generate the web-based `lib.dom.d.ts` file which is included with TypeScript releases, and as the `@types/web` package.
```

We can expand this later when we're publishing more things from it. I don't think webworker and dom.iterable are worth calling out in the first line.

Author: Yah, they've not been added yet

## Why is my fancy API still not available here?

> A feature needs to be supported by more than two major browser engines to be included here, to make sure there is a good consensus among vendors: __Gecko__ (Firefox), __Blink__ (Chrome/Edge), and __WebKit__ (Safari).

Reviewer: I thought it was 'two or more'.

- Does an internet search for the fields show results in blogs/recommendations?
- When was the deprecation (this can be hard to find) but was it at least 2 years ago if so?

> ## Build Instructions

Reviewer: this looks unfinished

Author: looks it was a merge error - this is a dupe from the top
